Introduce Textnet backbone (needed for Fast model) (#27425)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/textnet.md

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# TextNet

## Overview

> The TextNet model was proposed in [FAST: Faster Arbitrarily-Shaped Text Detector with Minimalist Kernel Representation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.02394) by Zhe Chen, Jiahao Wang, Wenhai Wang, Guo Chen, Enze Xie, Ping Luo, Tong Lu. TextNet is a vision backbone useful for text recognition tasks. It is the result of neural architecture search (NAS).

Author: Done

> <!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.
```

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# TextNet

## Overview

> The TextNet model was proposed in [FAST: Faster Arbitrarily-Shaped Text Detector with Minimalist Kernel Representation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.02394) by Zhe Chen, Jiahao Wang, Wenhai Wang, Guo Chen, Enze Xie, Ping Luo, Tong Lu.
> TextNet model was results of NAS for efficient text detection task. It is used in fast model as backbone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TextNet model was proposed in [FAST: Faster Arbitrarily-Shaped Text Detector with Minimalist Kernel Representation](https://arxiv.org/abs/2111.02394) by Zhe Chen, Jiahao Wang, Wenhai Wang, Guo Chen, Enze Xie, Ping Luo, Tong Lu. TextNet is a vision backbone useful for text recognition tasks. It is the result of neural architecture search (NAS).
```
